Added slack info (#324)
demisto/content-docs: docs/contributing/contributing.md

- Have a [GitHub](https://github.com) account that you'll use to open the Pull Request
- If you're an XSOAR partner, have your `partner-id` (this should have been communicated to you over the onboarding emails from the Alliance team).

> - Join our our [Slack DFIR Community](https://www.demisto.com/community/), this is the place to ask questions, consult about use-case and raise issues regaridng Cortx XSOAR platform (use the `#demisto-developers` channel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join our our [Slack DFIR Community](https://www.demisto.com/community/), this is the place to ask questions, consult about use-case and raise issues regarding the Cortex XSOAR platform (use the `#demisto-developers` channel).
```
